Speech there the personal team had brb beauty
that those who spoke of the grandest
To get you another video should be
paid the mario kart 8 the first dlc that
left the game for you to buy a
shopping in the last video I showed you
you the link character with the
his special motorcycle, right?
and today we're going back here on the single
player so let's do it one more time
race and today I showed you the kennel
that marion ok let's show you're in
sea hotel
We are going to show a new vehicle, let's go.
see here what vehicle I show today
evil looks only ours is beautiful 16 teams
who is also very crazy
You will see that, to God, let's show the car.
vehicle and did here we'll change this
rotating route that I'm going to start not no
nor does it appear new statutes that
this one is good
here I'm going to put this fall does not come with
voted the new one then they will put in cm
150cc three races choose the Corsican and the
What am I going to show you today?
today I'll show yoshi sic say né
show no tcdf 0
come on then but second video of this
should be paid so far short on kimmel
and with the captain falcon f10 vehicle
and let's play on the specific track of f10
very cool, dude
Let's see if this is the new site now.
with this vehicle also in the face of the kings
thousand Syrians who lack the candle
an antigravity circuit all
guy is made there prepares river jury
beautiful goal there forgotten to accelerate is
Daniel Blum, man.
efe 0 is a very difficult game tá f zero
of nintendo gamecube games is considered
one of the most difficult games of all
it borders the impossible because
you fall very easy
So if you're the type guy that I
hates law of the world
try to play did the game you movie
You're going to cry a lot and it seems like now.
are first already rolling
this car looks very nice guy
live in beautiful because he likes it
Kaka Go play the game thinking, but of course
because they would not have reached the
balotelli was knocking on mario entered
kart 8
only he can not speak what he said
with 11 and stayed on the floor I passed our
old or very good to score I think it's
that
of course our online is very good
did not remember that it was more
Now the button and 150cc and ridiculous as
easy for this they needed to be more
difficulty and the volume picks up and
that there is 1 206 something so expensive if
not playing against the computer is going to be
rough and rolling
even though both those times have fallen
He did not yield any crap came out the same in
same old curve on the same curve
the wretch who was unhappy and was what
I'll move on again, no problem
You will lose it because you are convinced
would have convinced
guillaume is losing because it was
convinced more is needed to read
or 11 goals going there now giving
football has same day goes west goes
catch the dash deluxe that the dash
now is going to give a maneuver but gave the
clear maneuver with banana peel
we will leave here my shell and not
problems here and be careful
do not fall on the curve of evil in this curve
of evil that I do not fall very well now
Break for the monster hug is only to win.
the monster competition they will not let you
take
go-go mobile is love that marked the rock
high light
Good staff but I wanted to show
I 'm just liking you one more
video of the first must be paid in the game
mario kart 8 this time showing is in the
the vehicle of the f10 if you
likes the video leave a like if you like
even more add favorites are
new the channel and short on legions place
Sign in for more info.
many thanks for having attended until
end and until the next video here at
channel is better than the staff spoke to
until the next